```createdAt
2020-04-21 12:30
```

# usagi.io goes live!

One of the things I really enjoy doing is building modern web applications with fancy new
Javascript frameworks (which keep changing every year).

Even though I've worked on *React* applications since *React* first became a thing (around 5 years ago or so, I feel old now)
I never found the time and motivation to make my own website.  
Another thing that I'm really good at besides developing applications is procrastinating, so I've always pushed it
into the future and worked on other projects instead.

After a long time of not making my website I've finally decided to collect all determination and build the thing
once and for all! (Or at least until the framework is obsolete which probably means ~2 years in Javascript time)

## The design

Making the design was fun, finalizing it was difficult due to my OCD kicking in every time I wanted to call it
a day. After some iterations and a bulk of tea I finally decided it was time to implement it and worry about
the details later.

I prototyped the design using modern design software and made sure the designs are responsive without having
to put too much extra work into it.

## Getting it done

After creating a new *React* projejct things started moving quickly and after a day I had the initial prototype,
two days later the website was live.

After working on hobby desktop projects and school assignments for some time, making this website reminded
me how fun developing a website from start to finish was.

I still think writing code is art in itself, but actually designing and implementing the design in just a few
days can be an extremely fun and motivating experience and I recommend everyone to try it at least once.
